Within the next five days.
Muzan will come.
I will be the bait you use.
When he comes.
I need you to behead him.
- Master. what leads you
to believe he'll find you?
My intuition. That's all.
Nothing beyond that.
But listen.
the others can't know.
They would never agree
to using me as bait like this.
They would sooner die
than do it.
You're the only one
that I can ask. Gyomei.
Even if you behead him.
he won't die.
There's likely only one way
to destroy Muzan.
trapping him in place until
sunlight shines upon him.
If beheading
isn't enough to kill him.
there's only one option left.
You all must endure a battle
until the sun rises.
- Yes. sir.
If that is your wish.
then so be it. Master.
- Thank goodness.
Gyomei...
after I have perished.
please do not let
any more of my children
be sent to their graves.
That is my wish.
You think you've
driven me into a corner
with your little plan?
But you are all about to be
going straight to hell!
Mark my words. Demon Slayers.
I'll massacre every one of you
before sunrise!
You're the only one
going to hell.
and you won't get away!
- Oh. is that so?
Let's see you try.
Tanjiro Kamado!
- I will defeat you!
Muzan Kibutsuji!
What is this place?
Everything's upside down.
Was all of this made using
the enemy's Blood Demon Art?
I don't understand
what's happening.
except that Ms. Tamayo
was restraining Muzan.
Even so...
how long can she
keep that up?
- Calm down. Kanroji!
- I-- Yes!
- Stay with me!
I need to reach
Muzan as soon as possible
and defeat him!
By whatever means!
That's the bottom!
I'll be killed at this speed!
I'll use a move
to change directions.
then find something
to grab on to.
It didn't work.
I can't break away
from this freefall.
You all right?
- Yes!
Thanks for your help.
You really saved--
Water Breathing First Form:
Water Surface Slash.
- Tanjiro!
- Water Breathing...
- Sixth Form...
- Third Form...
Whirlpool.
- Flowing Dance.
Mr. Giyu's amazing.
He can tell exactly
which move I'm gonna use.
Then he follows up with one
that prevents any kind
of friendly fire.
He's unbelievable.
Just what's
behind those eyes?!
- If I'm not mistaken.
this is the place
that Shinazugawa
and Iguro mentioned.
Which means Kibutsuji's plan
was to gather everyone here.
then kill us all
in one fell swoop.
From here on out. we'll need
to be even more vigilant.
- Right.
- Let's go.
- Right!
- Serpent Breathing
Fifth Form...
- Slithering Serpent!
You demon scum...
stay away from Kanroji!
Mr. Iguro is so cool!
- Are you hurt?
- No. not at all!
- Then let's go.
- Okay!
Tokito!
There's a whole lot
of demons. huh?
- It would seem
they've been given
the strength
of the Lower Ranks.
It's clear that they're being
used to try and exhaust us.
- Hmm.
What of the Master?
- He has departed
from this world.
It was a truly noble end.
- Knowing him...
he never would have allowed
himself to be caught unawares.
Did he sacrifice himself?
- Indeed.
The Master did not
have much time left.
Master...
Back when I was mortally
wounded by a demon.
and found myself
teetering on the edge
between life and death...
he stayed by my side.
He did the same
for every Corps member
who was
on the brink of death...
like a father.
- Yes. I know.
- Muzan not only took
my brother from me.
but our father as well.
That bastard.
Damn him!
I swear I'll make him suffer!
I'll send him
straight to hell!
- You're not alone.
Trust me.
We all feel the same.
Forgive me. Master.
I couldn't protect you.
- There's no end
to you lowlifes. huh.
That's just fine by me.
I'll kill all of you!
- Yaah!
Make way!
I'm comin' through!
Whole lotta fallin'
happening here!
Pretty rude to just drop me
in here outta nowhere!
Though. I've been itching
to see how
my training's paid off.
so with that in mind.
let's test it out
on you chumps!
Let's go!
Where am I?
The demon headquarters?
Where are the others?
Big Brother.
I hope you're safe. too.
- I just heard a sound.
Could it be
that he's somewhere nearby?
- You'll regret this.
I won't forgive you.
not in a million years.
- I smell blood.
What is this place?
Hmm?
Oh. my. You're here?
Ohh! And you're a girl. too!
What a young and
tasty morsel we have! Heh!
I'll have to properly
thank Nakime for this later.
- Shinobu...
you must leave
the Demon Slayer Corps.
I know that you've
trained really hard...
and you're fighting
to make a difference.
But I don't think you'll...
I want you to live the life
of a happy. normal girl.
to be able to see
your own hair turn gray.
Really. you've done enough.
- No! Can't stop now!
I will avenge you
if it's the last thing I do!
This demon. I need to know.
I have to know
what it looked like!
Please. Big Sister.
I'm begging you. tell me!
I could never live
a normal life
knowing someone
did this to you!
Please!
It was a demon...
with a bloodstained pattern
on his head.
- I must say. it's very nice
to meet you. miss!
You may refer to me as Doma.
Ah. what a wonderful night.
- Such a warm smile
and gentle voice.
There's a soft.
benevolent presence to him.
Please...
h-help me.
Please help me!
- Shh!
Can't you see
that we're talking?
Huh?
- Are you all right?
- Wow! That was fast.
Are you a Hashira?
- Oh. don't worry about that!
You can just
leave her right there.
I'll make a proper meal
of her later.
- And this demon...
the weapon he used...
it was a pair of sharp fans.
- As the founder of
the Eternal Paradise Faith.
it is my sworn duty
to see that all my followers
attain happiness.
I'll be sure
to consume her completely.
- There's no doubt.
This is the demon
who killed my sister.
Attaining happiness?
For who. exactly?
This girl was horrified.
crying out for help.
- And that's why I saved her.
Her suffering
has come to an end.
No more pain. No more fear.
Everyone is afraid of death.
so I help them
by consuming them.
This way. they get to live on
within me for all eternity.
I take in their entire being--
blood. desires. even
the last bit of their sinew--
and help
their souls transcend.
- What you're spouting
is sheer nonsense.
And to say it with such glee.
You truly make me sick.
- Huh?
I can't believe you'd say that
after we'd only just met.
Oh. I see!
Aw. you poor thing.
Did something
unfortunate happen?
Let's hear it.
Go on. tell me.
"Unfortunate" doesn't begin
to describe it!
You were the one who killed
my Big Sister. weren't you?!
Does the haori I'm wearing
mean nothing to you?!
- Huh?
- That's right.
It belonged to the girl
who used Flower Breathing.
Such a sweet. gentle child.
The sun came up
and cut our time short.
I remember.
It's a shame I didn't get
to eat-- her.
Insect Breathing
Dance of the Bee Sting...
True Flutter!
- A marvelous thrust!
I hardly even saw it!
Blood Demon Art...
Frozen Lotus.
- So cold.
It feels like
my lungs are bursting!
- Hmm. Look at that!
You are fast!
Unfortunately for you.
those thrusts aren't enough
to kill a demon.
Aim for here.
You need to chop off my head.
- My thrusts alone
may not be enough.
But what of this?
- Time to see whether this
toxin works on an Upper Rank.
Sister...
lend me your strength.
please.
This poison...
it's clearly far stronger
than the strain you used
up on Rui's mountain.
- So they did
exchange information.
This is the drawback
to using poison.
- He told me that...
you've been
changing the concoction...
for each demon you face.
Oh. my.
it would seem that I've
already neutralized
all of your poison.
How rude of me.
And after you'd made it
just for me.
That sword of yours...
it makes quite an interesting
sound when you sheath it.
Is that where you change
what poison you use?
Yay! This is fun!
Who knew being poisoned
was so invigorating?!
It's almost addictive.
What'll the next formula
be like?
Come on.
let's give it a try!
- Very well. then.
I'll oblige.
See...
I'd already anticipated
this would happen.
Is your next batch set?
I'm ready whenever you are.
I know I just said
to give it a try...
but you could at least
change up your offense.
- What's this?
You seem to be
slower than earlier.
So sad.
- Insect Breathing
Dance of the Horsefly...
Enticing Slash!
- Oh. my.
You were able to land a hit.
The way you got through
all my defenses. it's amazing!
I'm truly impressed!
It's almost enough
to bring a tear to my eye.
Come on.
What are you waiting for?
Hurry up and attack me again
before I stop the poison.
Please? You're doing so well!
Maybe the next attack
kills me!
Yes! That's the spirit!
Ever since I was a child.
I was kind and clever.
I always helped
those who were in need
and led them
to the path of happiness.
It was my duty. after all.
His eyes have
the colors of a rainbow.
And this gray hair
is proof of his innocence.
This child is truly special.
- Surely he can hear
the voices of the gods.
- My parents were
hopelessly naive simpletons.
You'd have to be.
in order to found a religion
like the Eternal
Paradise Faith.
I pitied them.
so I always played along
with their make-believe ideas.
I never once heard
the voice of the gods.
At first.
I didn't know how to deal
with the hordes of people
worshipping and praying to me.
Seeing these grownups
come crying to a child.
saying they were suffering.
pleading for help.
made me worry
if they were sick in the head.
After nearly
putting me to sleep
with their personal stories.
they would bow to me.
asking to be guided
to Paradise.
I cried.
"You poor things." I thought.
"Paradise doesn't even exist."
It's just a fairy tale
concocted by deluded humans.
There are no gods or buddhas.
These people
had lived for decades.
yet they still couldn't grasp
that simple truth.
When you die.
you return to nothingness.
All feeling ceases.
Your heart stops.
Your brain stops.
You rot and
return to the earth.
Such is the fate
of every living creature.
To be too foolish
to accept reality...
what a hard life that must be.
I want to bring happiness
to these pitiful people.
I want to save them.
I truly believe...
that is my purpose here.
Aww. still nothing.
And that was number five.
What will you do?
The toxin's
getting less effective.
How many more times
do you think you can adapt it?
Oh! Are you out of breath now?
Look at all that sweat.
Are you all right?
- So this is the power
of an Upper Rank.
None of my poisons
are working.
He's adapting too fast
to keep up with!
Your alveoli must be dead now.
Painful.
You did breathe it in...
my Blood Demon Art.
- He turns his frozen blood
into mist
and disperses it
with his fans.
Even breathing around him
is dangerous now.
This time...
I'll increase the dose
with multiple strikes!
Insect Breathing...
Dance of the Dragonfly...
Compound Eye Hexagon!
- I can't believe it.
Such blazing speed.
You might be the fastest
Hashira I've ever met!
He...
got me.
- Forget the poison.
Why not try to decapitate me?
With your speed.
you might have won.
Maybe not.
I mean. you are small.
Why are my hands
so small. I wonder?
How come I was never
able to grow taller?
If my stature were
just a little bigger.
could I have been able
to behead and defeat a demon?
The longer
your arms and legs are.
the more muscles you have.
which means more strength
in your attacks.
My sister was also
of small frame.
but she was taller than I.
How I envy Mr. Himejima.
Seeing someone like him
come to their rescue
would give anyone relief.
I know what my sister
really wanted to say
but didn't have the heart to.
- Oh. no.
Have our games come to an end?
That's too bad.
- "I don't think you'll win
against that demon."
That's what you
were going to say.
but you stopped yourself.
didn't you?
Pull yourself together.
This is no time for tears.
- Sister.
- Stand up.
- I can't.
I've lost so much blood.
My left lung is punctured.
and I can't even breathe.
- You can. and you will.
Stand up.
You are a Hashira. Shinobu!
- If you've made up your mind
to defeat him. then do so.
No excuses.
Win by whatever means you can.
Remember your promise
to me and Kanao.
- Kanao.
Forgive me.
You must be suffering
right now.
- I know that you
have it in you.
Do your best.
- Huh?
Wait. are you...
standing up?
Scary.
Are you actually a human?
I slashed your collarbone.
your lungs. and your ribs.
At your diminutive size
and the amount
of blood you've lost.
how are you
not dead right now?
- See? Right there!
There clearly is blood
gurgling in your lungs.
The pain must be unimaginable.
Surrender. and I'll put
an end to your suffering.
It'll be quick!
It's too late for you.
so just let go.
- I'll make a go
for his neck this time
and put everything I have
left into this strike!
Insect Breathing...
Dance of the Centipede...
- Hmm?
- Hundred-legged Zigzag.
Huh?
It feels like
she's everywhere at once.
Just her movement
destroyed the bridge.
- So fast.
I can't follow her.
From below?
Back when I was a child...
I thought of happiness
like a road.
one that stretched on
into the distance
with no end in sight.
It wasn't
until it was destroyed
that I finally realized
the road beneath my feet was
but a thin sheet of glass.
However. some haven't
had the glass broken yet.
All I wanted
after being saved
was to become stronger
so that someday
I could protect those people.
So we made a promise...
to vanquish the demons.
as many as we could.
together.
In hopes that the pain
we suffered
would never be felt
by another.
Even if I'm weak...
even if I can't
decapitate demons.
if I can take down just one.
I can save dozens of lives.
And if that demon's
an Upper Rank.
it could mean
saving hundreds!
It's not a matter
of can or cannot.
This is something
I have to do.
- Are you angry?
- Yes. I am angry. Tanjiro.
I'm furious.
In fact. I'm always angry.
How could I not be?
My parents were killed.
My older sister was killed.
My Tsuguko. other than Kanao.
were killed.
And those poor girls...
if it weren't for the demons.
if it weren't for the demons
that killed their loved ones.
they'd be living happily
with their families.
It's all so infuriating.
Stop messing with me.
damn it!
Why the hell isn't my poison
working on this prick?
You bastard!
- I'm moved!
You did your best.
Even though you're so weak!
You must have worked
so incredibly hard
to get to this point.
You're weaker
than your sister.
and yet you
somehow outlived her.
It's a miracle
you survived this long.
Even when hope is gone.
humans always fight
to the bitter end.
Humans are so foolish!
But that's what makes them
so beautiful.
I deem you worthy
of becoming part of me.
You and I
shall share eternity!
Do you have any last words?
I'm listening.
Rot in hell. you bastard.
Master!
I can't shake
the feeling he's here.
He must be.
He's got a score to settle
with me. too.
The people we love.
the people we hold dear
are so precious.
We take for granted
that they'll always be there.
However...
that's just
a selfish delusion.
- Flower Breathing...
Because the thought
of living without them
is simply unbearable.
- Fourth Form...
Crimson Hanagoromo!
- Wow.
You nearly got me there.
They'll always
be alive and close by...
it's a naive thought.
I know.
But we all want
to believe it.
- Would you mind
holding off your attacks
for just a second?
I'm trying to absorb her.
- How strange.
You're not taking the bait.
are you?
What she did earlier.
that motion she made
with her fingers.
was that her
warning you of my powers?
I'm impressed she thought
to do that so quickly.
Good job. You did it!
Too bad it doesn't matter.
Well. in case
you were wondering.
your Master was tastier
than I imagined.
And now you're here.
It's just one feast
after another. it seems.
Ah. this truly is...
a wonderful night.
- You can't hide.
Come out.
Have some dignity and face me.
Sounds like someone ought
to teach you some manners.
Did you forget
that I'm your senior?
You look a little stronger
than the last time I saw you.
It's too bad you still reek
of being a pathetic weakling.
It's been a while.
hasn't it. Zenitsu?
- Kaigaku.
you don't get my respect.
You're a demon.
You'll be treated as such.
Water Breathing Ninth Form...
Splashing Water Flow.
Turbulent!
- Stay focused!
- All right!
This place is insane.
The building keeps shifting
and rearranging itself.
as if it's alive!
I can tell that it's
trying to separate us!
We have to regroup
with the other Corps members
and stay together
'til we reach Muzan!
- Caw!
Caw!
Attention!
Shinobu Kocho is dead!
She fought valiantly
against Upper Two
but was defeated!
- Strange.
There's a piece of paper
wrapped around its neck.
How are the crows
already here?
- Shinobu is dead.
But we must push forward.
Think only of what
must be done for victory.
- Right.
- And what about the others?
I need reports
on their whereabouts.
Center of the 40th vertical
and 12th horizontal levels.
The Corps members
are fighting off
what appears to be
at least ten demons.
However. more than 30 demons
are moving in their direction
from behind the walls.
Using Mr. Yushiro's eyes.
we're able to see
Blood Demon Arts.
something that isn't possible
to do with the human eye.
Each red light
is a Blood Demon Art.
The more intense they glow.
the more potent their power.
And this place...
the entire area.
buildings and all..
must also be
a Blood Demon Art.
There's seemingly
no end in sight to it.
What incredible power.
A demon labyrinth
with the ability
to branch out endlessly.
And here we lie
at its center.
trapped within the walls
of this infinite castle.
- This one's finished.
- ...goes over there.
- Okay. Goes right there.
- Bring it over here.
- However...
- Yes. that's right.
- ...it's not as if we've
been caught off guard.
My father prepared
for this day meticulously.
With Gyomei's cooperation.
he had the Hashira
within arm's reach
to mobilize at any time.
To prevent the Corps members
from being isolated.
he sent the Kasugai Crows
to gather them into groups
and waited.
He enlisted the aid of
Ms. Tamayo and Mr. Yushiro.
And finally.
to ensure that their plan
would succeed.
my sisters and our parents
readily sacrificed
their lives.
We cannot lose.
no matter what.
Amongst the Blood Demon Arts.
there are
five traces of power
that tower over the rest.
as if flaunting
their strength.
These must be Upper Ranks.
One of them
is at the same spot
where Shinobu
was last seen fighting.
- Found another!
Upper Six and Zenitsu have
just encountered each other!
- An Upper Rank!
Is he alone?
- He is.
It looks to be a one-on-one.
A Hinoe can't beat
an Upper Rank by themself.
Send backup!
What. you frozen in fear?
Guess some things
never change.
Once a coward.
always a coward.
Did you ever
become a Hashira?
Guess not.
That's too bad.
Got any new techniques?
Or still just First Form?
For an Upper Rank
bottom feeder
who's nothing more
than a spare blade.
you're sure acting
awfully proud.
- Wow.
Who taught you to talk
like that? New friends?
- Why the hell
did you become a demon?
You'd never understan--
- You were supposed
to succeed Thunder Breathing.
but you tarnished it!
- Huh?
- After you became a demon...
he...
he committed seppuku!
Even worse...
he did it by himself.
He was all alone.
Because of that.
no one was there
to put him out his misery.
He bled out
and died a painful death.
It's your fault.
Gramps died the most
agonizing death possible!
All because
the Thunder Breathing ranks
produced a demon!
- Why the hell should I care?
Gramps died? So what.
Want me to cry?
Did you expect me
to give a damn?
Well. I don't.
In fact.
I don't care for anyone
who doesn't appreciate me.
No matter what.
this is who I am.
Take the side
of whoever knows my worth.
If the old geezer
really did die in agony.
then I couldn't be happier.
I slaved away
for that ungrateful bastard.
And what does he do
to repay me?
He makes you my co-successor
instead of just letting me
carry the torch.
I hope he rots!
Former Hashira or not.
I would never shed a tear
over some senile geezer.
Gramps knew exactly
what he was doing.
We were made co-successors
because we're weak.
I was only able
to use the First Form.
while you could use
everything but First Form.
I can't help
but feel sorry for Gramps
that he has
two useless successors!
- Don't lump us together.
I'm nothing like you!
Thunder Breathing
Fourth Form...
Distant Thunder!
- You're so slow. scum.
What the hell?
He got me.
His speed is unreal.
He never moved like that.
He's changed.
But he's not the only one.
There's no shame in kneeling
down before the powerful
if it means surviving.
As long as you're alive.
you can still win.
Only once you die
have you lost.
Even if you have to beg
on your hands and knees.
even if you're without a home
and have to drink
from a puddle.
even if they condemn you
for stealing money.
as long as you're alive.
there's still a future
where you can win.
Believing that is
all that's kept me going.
- Forfeit your humanity.
and limitless power
will be within reach.
Should my Lord choose
to acknowledge you.
demon blood shall coarse
through your veins.
- The stronger the swordsman.
the longer it takes
for him to become a demon.
It took me three days
to fully transform.
Turning a Breathing
Technique user into a demon
is no small feat.
Doing such a thing
will require an exorbitant
amount of my Lord's blood.
And though it is rare.
some people.
for whatever reason.
are physically incapable
of becoming demons.
- Huh?
- I'm curious to see
how you will fare.
You must appreciate
this blood.
Even holding it as you are now
is an honor you cannot fathom.
Should you spill
a single drop.
I'll have you dismembered
in an instant.
before it touches the ground.
Even now. I remember
the terror I felt.
like every cell in my body
was screaming in anguish.
Compared to what I felt then.
this is nothing.
He's just a punk.
He might be stronger.
but he's not on par
with an Upper Rank.
Zenitsu Agatsuma
is and always will be trash.
He's a despicable crybaby
without a shred
of dignity or valor.
- Somebody help!
I fell in a pitfall
and twisted my ankle!
- The disrespect.
As if I'd be co-successor
with that sniveling loser.
- Here you are. Kaigaku.
- Hey. Gramps!
Hmm?
- It looks a little big on me.
don't you think?
Maybe I'll grow into it...
- I'm supposed to be
that idiot's equal?
- That's gotta be
some kind of sick joke.
The old bastard
deserved to die!
And if you miss him so dearly.
then I'll see to it
you join him!
- I was only ever able
to learn the First Form.
However. you were able
to learn everything
but the First Form.
Gramps knew that.
His solution
was having us both
succeed the Thunder
Breathing technique.
But you denied him that.
You became a demon
purely to reject him.
It's coming.
- Thunder Breathing
Second Form...
Rice Spirit!
He attacked five times
in one breath.
How many people
have you devoured?!
You can't even tell
right from wrong anymore!
- I'm more aware of those
than I've ever been!
What's the matter?
Aren't you supposed to be
the old geezer's favorite?
If you are...
then show me
what he passed down to you!
It's the only technique
you've got. so use it!
Go all out.
Use everything you got.
And don't you dare
hold back for a second!
Thunder Breathing...
First Form...
- Thunderclap and Flash!
As if a basic attack
like charging me head on
would ever find its mark.
Don't make me laugh!
Thunder Breathing...
Third Form...
Thunder Swarm!
He's attacking me
from every angle at once.
- What's the matter?
Don't tell me
you're done already!
- Thunder Breathing
First Form:
Thunderclap and Flash.
Eightfold!
- That's not gonna work!
Thunder Breathing...
Fifth Form...
Heat Lightning!
- Got ya!
How does the bite of my Blood
Demon Art-enhanced sword feel?
Each strike. on contact.
leaves a wound
that burns your skin.
This proves those
who recognize my talents
and value are right!
And those that dismiss
or condemn me are wrong!
Do you get it now?
This is the power I have!
My power as a demon. that is!
All you know how to do
is use First Form!
Yet that geezer chose
to make you his successor!
And. boy.
what a mistake that was!
So that's it.
This is the path
that you've chosen to take.
I already knew.
I knew. but...
- With this strike.
I'll end this!
You're finished!
Thunder Breathing...
Sixth Form...
Rumble and Flash!
That strike I landed will keep
crackling through your flesh.
This is the power that I
gained by becoming a demon.
Get it now?
I've long surpassed
Thunder Breathing!
You and I aren't equals.
and we never have been!
I'm better than all of you.
Guess the old bastard
shouldn't have put his trust
in you after all.
Come on!
be more like Kaigaku!
He's your senior!
So follow his example.
you hear?
- Hang on.
Isn't the First Form
pretty much the entire basis
of Thunder Breathing?
- Yeah. and it's
the only one he can't do.
You know what that means.
don't ya?
- That even though
he's mastered other forms.
he's still a weakling?
- Yup. exactly.
The way he shows off. though?
He's got such an ego.
- No way he becomes a Hashira.
- Yeah. he'll die before then.
- What'd I do
to deserve that?!
- I heard you went and punched
someone from a higher rank.
Don't go around
makin' trouble. you trash!
It's embarrassing even being
seen in the same room as you.
I was fully aware
that you hated me. Kaigaku.
And to be
perfectly honest...
I hated you. too.
Even so.
I couldn't help
but respect you as well.
You never stopped working
towards your goals.
Despite our differences.
I looked up to you
as an example.
You really were
a special guy.
It wasn't just me.
Gramps thought
you were remarkable. too.
But I guess...
you weren't satisfied
with that. were you?
No matter the day.
the only sound that came
from you was discontent.
It was like the box
where you kept your joy
had a hole in it.
And that joy
kept leaking out.
If the hole isn't mended.
happiness will always
be out of reach.
Gramps.
I'm sorry we're fighting.
But he and I
must walk separate paths.
- Huh?
He's still holding on?
What the hell?!
- Brother...
I'm sorry.
- Thunder Breathing
Seventh Form...
- ...God of Fire Thunder.
That...
was so fast.
That move...
what was it?!
Unbelievable.
How come I've never seen
that technique until now?
Damn you.
Damn you!
I always knew that stupid
geezer liked you more than me!
Why else would he only
teach you that technique?!
- You're wrong.
- Gramps was never
that kind of person.
This technique
is something I made.
I created it all by myself.
My hope was...
that one day.
I'd be able to use it
to fight by your side.
- How is this even possible?
Thunder Breathing
only has six techniques.
and yet he was able
to create a seventh ?
Him? The one who can
only use the First Form?
He's inferior to me
in every way!
I can't accept it.
I won't accept it!
This must be some
kind of twisted joke!
Someone like me
losing to him?!
I must be going insane.
Wait.
with his strength depleted.
I can still have
the last laugh.
This fall will kill him.
and he can't stop it!
I'll be taking him
to hell with me.
Those who never give to others
are never able
to receive in return.
- People who have
nothing but desire
are no different than those
who have nothing at all.
And one cannot create
anything out of nothing.
Dying alone is pathetic.
wouldn't you say?
Where am I?
Gramps!
I'm sorry!
I-I couldn't
get along with Kaigaku!
I even tried
writing him letters.
but-- but he never
wrote me back. and...
If it weren't for me.
he might not have ended up
the way he did.
I'm really sorry! Forgive me!
I wasn't able to pay you back
for everything.
I really wanted you
to see me as a Hashira.
to make you proud.
I'm sorry.
I failed you. Gramps!
I understand
if you hate me now.
Please. just say something.
anything!
Damn it!
What's this grabbing my leg?
Gramps! I just...
I need--
Damn it.
- Zenitsu.
Listen to me. lad.
You are my pride and joy.
Well?
Can you save him?
He's someone that I know.
I can't watch him die.
Please tell me there's a way!
- Keep your voice down.
You're not helping.
Just watch out
for enemy ambushes.
Least then. you'll actually
be doing something useful.
'Scuse me?! And just
who the hell are you. huh?!
I better not find out
you're a lower rank than I am!
- I'm a demon.
I don't care
about your hierarchy.
This'll slow
the Blood Demon Art.
but if these cracks
keep spreading.
it'll travel
all the way to his eyes.
Hey. can you hear me?
- Your bedside manner
really sucks! You know that?!
- I'm also using a hemostatic.
but I still can't get
the bleeding to stop.
- What did I say?!
Don't listen to him!
You're gonna be fine!
I swear
you'll pull through this!
- Yeah. you can do it!
- Fight on! Fight on!
- The only reason
you're alive right now
is because
the Upper Rank you fought
still hadn't mastered
his own techniques.
That was lucky for you.
If you'd fought him
a year from now.
you would have died instantly.
Could you stop
with the doom and gloom?
Consider his feelings!
Hey. don't pretend like
I'm the one in the wrong here.
What?
What are you pointing at?
- Your screaming let
the demons know we're here.
- Don't say I didn't warn you.
- Hey. it was Yushiro. right?
Take care of Agatsuma.
Charge!
- Murata. please take care
of them quickly. okay?
- I am gonna give you
such an earful later!
- Damn.
- Water Breathing
Second Form...
Water Wheel!
We're gonna head them off!
Follow my lead. everyone!
This is bad.
They're gonna run into him .
- We haven't encountered
any Upper Ranks.
Are we still
that far from Muzan?
I hope the others
are all right.
Ms. Shinobu.
We're going to win
this battle...
for you. for everyone.
- That jolt. what was that?
- M-Mr. Giyu!
- Stay there! Keep calm.
- Is someone else fighting?
Are we about to lose
another comrade?
No. it's something else...
and it's coming this way.
This-- This scent...
Above us!
Get back. Tanjiro!
- Long time no see.
It's commendable
you got this far.
Especially for a puny insect.
Don't you agree...
Tanjiro?!
Akaza!
This place...
if I had to guess.
this fleshy cocoon
is breaking down
and disposing the drug
that's rescinding
his demon form.
Muzan Kibutsuji...
I had sworn to destroy you
by any means necessary.
Yet at this moment.
I am powerless to do so.
Soon enough...
I'll be absorbed as well.
Please. someone...
anyone. come quickly!
I beg you!
Yeah. I've got that one.
- Speed is important.
but accuracy is more so.
According to Father.
if Muzan should die.
the other demons
will also perish.
- Uh. that one is...
- Can you help me?
- By that logic. it's clear
that Muzan is still alive.
At this very moment.
Ms. Tamayo must be
suppressing his powers.
If she weren't.
he would surely be aware
of Yushiro's watchful gaze.
Before Muzan's powers
are fully restored.
we must do whatever it takes
to see that he's defeated.
I have to wonder. though.
Inside of this
"Infinite Castle..."
will we really
be able to find him
and put an end to it all?
- No need to be nervous.
You're doing a fine job.
my child.
Muzan will surely
reveal himself once more.
just as he did
when he found me.
When it comes to this man.
that's simply his nature.
- Excuse me. The one
on the top actually goes here.
- I understand. Father...
I will see to it
our plan succeeds.
- Something like that?
- Move it back down.
We must find him
before the Corps members'
strength is fully depleted
and settle this
once and for all!
Protect them!
- Everybody. group up!
We have to form a wall.
get their attention
off the Hashira!
- Please. sir.
go on ahead without us!
- You as well! We got this!
- Are you certain?
- We are!
Just defeat Kibutsuji!
- Please. sir!
- Very well. then.
I will put my faith
in your efforts here.
Tokito!
All right!
Let's show them the fruits
of our Hashira training!
- Right!
Everyone. thank you.
I know Father would be proud
to see you
giving it your all.
Stop that.
- You must keep
your hands moving.
Right now. we need to focus.
- Yes.
- Master Kiriya.
he's quite impressive.
It's clear
he's still in mourning
over the loss of the Master.
yet his duty is unwavering.
He's led the Demon Slayer
Corps rather splendidly.
Wouldn't you agree.
Mr. Rengoku?
- I would. indeed.
These children are
still young in years.
but their resolve
is anything but childish.
I swear to protect them.
just as Kyojuro did before me.
I will risk my own life
to do so.
- I didn't think
she would suffer this much.
The Master was working
with a demon named Tamayo.
who delivered this antidote.
I've administered it
as she instructed.
Even so...
will Nezuko be able to turn
back into a human. I wonder.
If Nezuko does
become human again.
Muzan's grand scheme
will collapse.
His thousand-year quest
for a vessel
which can resist the sun
will be no more.
and all of the progress
he's made
will be wound back
like a clock.
In the many years that we've
had to endure this nightmare.
Nezuko is the only demon
who has been able to live
in the sunlight.
"The final battle..."
these words echo in my mind.
And each time they do.
I can't help but tremble
as my heart beats louder.
This battle may finally reach
its conclusion tonight.
I never dreamed that I'd be
alive to witness it myself.
Tanjiro. I sometimes
think back to the day
when you brought
your demon sister to me.
Ever since then. it feels
like a giant wheel of fate
has been slowly turning.
Perhaps it would be best
to compare
the sum of our battles
to a giant. dormant machine.
You and Nezuko
are the small cogs
that have joined together and
awoken it from its slumber.
What was once
frozen in place...
has now been set into motion.
Don't give up. Nezuko.
Keep up the fight. Tanjiro!
You both
have to pull through.
no matter what!
- Hinokami Kagura...
Fire Wheel!
Go through!
If I can't even
sever his arm.
I'll never sever his head!
I got one!
I was able to dodge
his attack. too.
I can do this!
I couldn't aim for his head.
but this time. for sure!
Hinokami Kagura...
Fake Rainbow!
- Huh?
Tanjiro...
you've really sharpened
your skills. haven't you?
It wouldn't be
an exaggeration
to say he's at the level
of a Hashira now.
To think that he'd do this
well against Upper Three.
That day...
I remember a boy who felt
completely helpless
as he collapsed
onto the cold snow.
begging through tears
for his sister's life.
But you are helpless
no longer.
You have the strength to
fight not only for your life
but also
for what's precious to you.
- "This boy is not weak.
Don't insult him."
I must admit that Kyojuro
was right when he said that.
You are certainly not weak.
In fact. I commend you.
Technique Development.
Now let's kick things off.
shall we?
It's time we had some fun.
- Water Breathing...
Third Form...
Flowing Dance.
- You're a Water Hashira!
How lucky for me!
It's been 50 years
since I fought one.
Destructive Death: Disorder!
Water Breathing
Eleventh Form...
Dead Calm.
- I've never seen
that move before.
Perhaps the last
Water Hashira I killed
never had a chance to use it!
- Hinokami Kagura...
Raging Sun!
He vanished.
Behind me!
Fake Rai-- Kagura--
- Water Breathing
Second Form...
Water Wheel.
- Hinokami Kagura...
Flame Dance!
- Destructive Death:
Leg Type.
Crown Splitter!
- I blocked it with my sword!
His move barely grazed me.
and it still did
this kind of damage?
How marvelous!
That elegant sword skill
you're using.
it's magnificent!
I must know now.
What is your name?
I want to remember you!
- I don't have a name
to give to a demon like you!
I hate talking.
so don't speak to me!
- Is that so?
You're not much
for small talk. are you?
Well. I happen
to quite enjoy it!
So I'll ask you again...
What is your name?
Destructive Death: Leg Type...
Explosive Fury!
- Mr. Giyu!
- I see.
That's his name.
Thank you for letting me know.
- Hinokami Kagura...
- Destructive Death:
Eight-layered Demon Core!
- ...Burning Bones.
Summer Sun!
- Excellent form.
To improve this much in such
a short time is impressive.
I'll give you my praise.
It seems obvious to me
that Kyojuro must have
really inspired you.
The night we met. you were
merely a weak. mournful child
crumpled on the ground.
not even worthy
of being killed.
But just look at you now!
This leap
in your abilities...
it's like you've been reborn!
My heart won't stop racing.
I'm truly overjoyed!
The night Kyojuro died.
I was glad that it happened.
- Huh?
- How tragic
would it have been
if he had never
gotten any stronger?
Such a stubborn man.
not letting go
of those worthless values
of staying human.
- How dare you.
Shut up.
Just shut up!
Don't you dare
even speak his name!
- What's the matter?
I'm only paying the man
a compliment.
I'm being sincere.
These are
high words of praise.
- You're wrong.
All you're doing
is insulting him.
You're just spitting
on his memory. on all of us!
- You couldn't
be more wrong. Tanjiro.
As you'll recall.
the only thing I despise
is weak human beings.
Only a feeble weakling
is deserving of my scorn
and no one else.
That's right.
The mere sight of them
makes my skin crawl.
They make me retch!
Through the laws of nature.
they are weeded out
from this world.
just as they should be!
- Everything you just said
is wrong!
- Huh?
- The fact you're
even alive right now.
isn't that proof enough?
As an infant.
we're all helpless.
We can't live
without someone else's help.
You're no different. Akaza.
Even if you don't remember.
there was a time
when you were protected
and cared for by someone.
I know it!
That's why you're alive.
The strong should aid
and protect the weak.
And in turn.
the weak become strong
and aid and protect those
weaker than themselves.
That is the law of nature!
Akaza. I can't tolerate
your way of thinking.
Here on out. I won't
let you do as you please!
I get it now.
I have a disgust for this boy
that's almost
primal in nature.
Even if he's stronger.
that feeling hasn't faded.
- No matter who they are.
everyone begins life
as a newborn.
We learn by getting help
from those around us.
We are not competing
with others.
The only opponent
you have in life is yourself.
Just focus
on becoming stronger
than you were yesterday.
If you can stay this path
for a decade or even two.
that would be commendable.
And before you know it.
you will be
helping others in turn.
What was that?
He just swung his fist
at nothing.
- Tanjiro...
you still repulse me
to my core.
Destructive Death:
Crushing Type.
Ten Thousand Leaves
Flashing Willow!
- This speed. it's blinding!
No. it's not just his speed.
It's his precision.
his aura. and also...
- Destructive Death:
Leg Type.
- Below?
- Flying Planet
Thousand Wheels!
Even if I could
anticipate his strikes.
they're so powerful. I can't
completely deflect them.
His techniques
are so precise.
they can pierce through any
opening. no matter how small.
- It's like a magnet
is attracting his attacks
straight toward
my weak points!
But how? What's happening?
What could be causing
this behavior?
Come on. think.
What's the answer?
There must be a clue
in what Akaza's said or done.
- Hinokami Kagura:
Solar Heat Haze!
What an interesting move.
I dodged it at first. but then
the blade seemed to extend.
I don't know what kind
of swing you put behind it.
but the tip of your blade
wavered like it
was in a heat haze.
How fascinating!
- Hinokami Kagura...
Dance!
- My sword...
he'll break it!
- That was a strong headbutt!
- Damn you! Let go of me!
No good.
I can't get him
to loosen his grip!
- Mr. Giyu!
You're starting
to get on my nerves.
Thanks to you.
my back is killing me now.
I'm not fond of being
hurled like a ragdoll.
I'm gonna make you pay.
Personally...
I'd rather not draw
my sword if I can help it.
and I have a hard time
justifying using deadly force
if unnecessary.
But at this moment.
I'm against an opponent
that demands
everything from me.
In the short time
we've fought.
my senses have been
pushed past their limits.
My dormant senses
have been rudely awakened.
and are dragging me forward
towards the enemy.
I now know how much it
expands one's potential
to have one's back
against the wall
with their sword raised
in the face of death.
Mr. Giyu.
- A mark appeared. and
his movements have gotten...
- Faster!
- Water Breathing
Fourth Form: Striking Tide!
- They're both so fast!
Mr. Giyu's speed
increased with the mark.
but Akaza
adapted to it instantly!
- Don't tell me
that's all you're capable of!
- Show me more!
Don't you dare hold back!
Tenth Form: Constant Flux.
- Seventh Form:
Drop Ripple Thrust!
- Destructive Death: Disorder.
- Mr. Giyu! Akaza.
Calm down!
Think. Don't panic.
Whatever you do.
don't lose focus.
- Why is it
that Akaza's attacks
are always so accurate?
How is he able to respond
to attacks
from his blind spots?
Think!
- Your fighting spirit
has been tempered
like quality steel.
Your name?
Back when he
fought Mr. Rengoku.
I remember Akaza using
the words "fighting spirit."
What did he mean by that?
Is he able to sense things
through fighting spirit?
The same way I can
sense things through scent?
- Wherever the enemy's
aiming at.
I get this weird
tingling feeling.
- So that's how you knew
Gyutaro was attacking you
from behind.
You sure are incredible.
Inosuke.
Well. my skin is tougher
than most people's.
And whether it's
from behind or not.
if someone's looking at me.
I know just
where they're looking.
- Could you show me?
Sure thing!
- It's my right shoulder.
- You really got it!
That's amazing!
- It's even easier to know
if someone's looking at me
if they have killing intent.
Since anyone
who could harm me is bad news.
killing intent
kinda feels like
it's stabbing me
through the skin. you know.
That's right.
Inosuke was able
to sense the invisible
using only
his honed sense of touch.
Think back.
What else did we
talk about...
that day?
- Where things get real tricky
is when someone who
doesn't have killing intent
or hostility
is looking at me.
- Like that tiny hag!
- Huh?
- That old hag
from the house with
the wisteria mark was sneaky.
Before I knew it...
Huh?
...she'd be sitting
right behind me.
- holding rice balls!
- Whoa!
- Calling her a hag
isn't nice.
She's elderly!
- Elderly hag!
- Stop that!
- Well. that got me thinking.
If I could hide my killing
intent. then I'd be a ninja!
I'd be able
to sneak up on anybody!
- Sure.
But. Inosuke.
she was only sneaky
'cause she didn't have
the intent of harming you.
And I think beheading a demon
without killing intent
would be impossible.
- Hmm.
Yeah. you're probably right.
A halfhearted strike
without any killing intent
would never be strong enough
to cut through a demon's neck.
- It was
a casual conversation.
but I think Inosuke
was onto something.
- What is it that Akaza
supposedly senses?
What does he mean
by "fighting spirit"?
Is it killing intent?
Is it the will to fight.
the time spent training.
or maybe the amount?
Is it like the way
I can anticipate
movements through scent?
There must be
something I can do...
to disrupt his compass!
Hinokami Kagura: Dance!
- Just one problem
with your attack.
You're wide open!
- His fist!
Fighting spirit.
instincts. compass.
perception...
striking with killing intent.
sensing the invisible.
executing the impossible.
I see.
So that's it.
- Hey!
- Again! Again!
- Um. Father.
what do you think about
when you dance
the Hinokami Kagura?
If it's too tiring for you.
I can take your place
next year.
I don't want you
to overwork yourself.
- Thank you. Tanjiro.
But to be honest.
I haven't found the Kagura
to be the least bit tiring
over the last few years.
I can't quite explain it.
but back when I learned it
from your grandfather
years ago.
even though I was younger.
healthier.
and stronger than now.
I found it to be
far more tiring back then.
For generations.
the Kagura was performed
by the Kamado family
at the start of each year.
It was an exhausting
performance
that would last
from sunset 'til dawn.
There are 12 different forms
that must be repeated
over and over again
thousands of times
before daybreak.
- I think my exhaustion
was the result
of unnecessary movement.
Using the correct movements
and breathing patterns
are vital to the dance.
It's what allows you
to produce maximum strength
while using minimal actions.
Once you've mastered
your breathing and movement.
your mind
will become transparent.
- Transparent?
- But before any of that.
you must memorize
the moves of the dance
and slowly ingrain them
into your muscle memory.
In doing so. you'll open up
your five senses
and become aware of the shape
of your own body.
vessel by vessel.
That was
the truly strenuous part.
All you can think is that.
even if you go on struggling.
you'll never succeed.
After you've learned
all these things
and committed them to memory.
you'll understand how to
remove what you don't need.
only leaving behind in your
body what is required of you.
closing off the rest.
- Closing?
- You know how people
often close their eyes
when they're trying
to hear better?
In that same way.
you'll pick out the things you
need the most in the movement
while eliminating the rest.
Eventually. you'll be
able to open and close
the vessels and
muscles in your body.
as if it were second nature.
the same way you blink
without a second thought.
When that happens.
a path illuminated
by a bright light will open.
If your mind is
as clear as possible.
you'll begin to see the
Transparent World before you.
But this domain
can only be reached
by pushing yourself
past your limits.
despite the suffering
that may be required.
- Will I ever get to see it?
- If you work tirelessly.
then that's for you to decide.
There.
All done.
- Thank you.
Ten days
before my father died.
an incident where a bear
began attacking people
happened
on a neighboring mountain.
We lit bonfires
around the house
and set up multiple ropes
lined with bells.
- Hmm?
Tanjiro?
Yes. Father?
- Come with me.
- I understand
you must be very hungry.
but I'm afraid I can't
allow you to come any closer.
If anyone were to try
and cause harm to my family.
I would be forced
to show you no mercy.
If you disregard
this warning...
I'll have no choice
but to take your life.
- The bear's head. that was
as thick as a human torso.
dropped to the ground
with the sound of the bells.
My eyes couldn't follow it.
but If I'm not mistaken.
my father slashed it twice
in the blink of an eye.
He must have.
His ax wouldn't
have been able
to cut through otherwise.
All the while. my father's
scent never wavered.
Before and after
beheading the bear.
he emitted no fear.
no killing intent.
- I hope that you
were watching.
A day might come where you
have to do the same.
- My father wasn't
the type of person
to flaunt his strength.
I realized later on.
that night. he wanted me
to see it in action.
the movements necessary
to be able to see
the Transparent World
he spoke of.
I'm sure my father.
grandfather.
and great-grandfather
all learned the same way.
- Whatever you do.
never give up.
Always stay calm and focused.
Any wall you come up against
can be shattered
if you just work tirelessly.
- I understand. Father.
In that moment.
that's why I was able
to dodge Akaza's
inescapable blow to my side.
If I hadn't moved in time.
I'm positive that strike
would have killed me.
When I was alternating moves
with Mr. Giyu.
weaving my attacks
in between each of his...
I was protected from being
hit by those lethal blows.
But in that instant.
even Mr. Giyu
couldn't make it in time.
However. for whatever reason.
I knew dodging was possible.
and for just a split-second.
I was able to see it...
that world...
- ...the Transparent World.
Even his body
started to look transparent.
The same as when Hantengu was
hiding inside his own heart.
I don't know if I saw him
or smelled him.
Dodge.
I used only the senses
that would let me do that.
Without thinking.
my body moved faster
than ever before.
When I'm inside
the Transparent World
my father spoke of.
my battle instincts
improve drastically.
I can see
my opponent's lungs
and the blood moving
throughout their body.
I can see
my own muscles contracting
Faster and
clearer than before.
If I close off
the fighting spirit
that Akaza must be
detecting me with.
I can go for his neck.
See it. See it.
- It looks like you've thrown
about every last
Water Form at me.
Enough is enough.
wouldn't you say?
I'm putting an end to this.
but you have my respect
for lasting so long!
- What?
In the middle
of my downswing...
he hit it from the side...
and snapped my sword!
- Goodbye. Giyu.
- He stopped the attack
by cutting off his fist.
His breathing is different
and his appearance.
I've been saved by Tanjiro.
- All of the cells
in my body.
down to the ones in my hair.
are screaming at me to kill
him as soon as possible.
I don't know what kind of
change he underwent. but...
he's dangerous.
- His focus is on Tanjiro.
Now's my chance.
Technique Development:
Final Form.
Blue Silver
Chaotic Afterglow!
- His attack speed
boosted again!
And the force has increased!
My only chance now...
is with Dead Calm.
- This must be what Father
was talking about.
This is it.
the Transparent World.
Strange.
It feels like...
time is passing by so slowly.
Or maybe their movements
just look slower now.
It's no use.
A hundred strikes at once
is unavoidable.
Even with Dead Calm.
I still wasn't able
to block all of 'em.
- Stand proud. Giyu.
Most wouldn't have
been able to survive that.
You must have evaded
my fatal blows.
There's no need for you to die
like Kyojuro and Tanjiro did.
Give up your pride
and become a demon. Giyu.
Tanjiro's behind him...
and he hasn't noticed?
- Even you can't deny...
- Is he masking his presence?
Now's our chance.
- ...to the death.
- Tanjiro. do it!
If you have the strength.
behead him!
Before he notices you!
Go for it!
- Akaza!
Prepare to be decapitated!
- Huh?
- He willingly
gave himself away!
- He's still alive?
I never would have
thought someone like him
could survive
an attack like that.
Well. it doesn't matter.
After all.
my Destructive Death:
Compass Needle
can detect any attack.
The stronger my opponent's
fighting spirit is.
the greater
my Compass Needle's reaction.
Wh-What is this?
What is this odd presence
he's emitting?
It feels like
he's turned himself
into some other creature.
It's like...
His fighting spirit is gone.
But how?
I have to calm down. Focus!
- Hinokami Kagura
Setting Sun Transformation.
- This can't be possible.
- In the last
several hundred years.
I've never once seen a human
without any fighting spirit.
Even newborn children
had traces of it.
And yet. in that instant.
his fighting spirit vanished
as if it were never there
to begin with.
It's as if I was facing
an anomaly
that shouldn't even exist.
so my senses were thrown
into confusion.
My Compass Needle
detected nothing.
But that's not the biggest
issue at hand here.
When on the battlefield.
there's no telling
what could come your way.
It's vital that you're able
to deal with the unexpected
at a moment's notice.
And I'm able to do that!
Or at least. I thought so.
But during that short battle.
he was able
to grasp something
and use it surpass my speed.
Whatever it was he learned
was able to shatter
centuries worth
of martial arts techniques
with a single head-on attack.
Within those eyes of his.
there was no hatred.
no rage.
no killing intent.
or fighting spirit.
He must have somehow seen
what I've been looking for.
the domain that lies within.
the realm of the highest...
none other
than the selfless state.
For some time now.
I've had a vague sense
that this state
of mind existed.
and yet. even after
all these centuries.
I've yet to attain it.
- Not yet!
I can still fight!
I will continue
to become stronger!
- This is bad.
He's reattaching his head!
I can't die here.
Not like this!
I have to become stronger.
Stronger than anyone else
in the whole world!
Stronger!
I have to find a way
to become stronger.
That's it.
It's over.
We won!
So lightheaded.
My muscles are cramping up.
My body's reached its limit.
- Tanjiro! Are you all ri--
His body hasn't
disintegrated yet.
Does-- Does this mean...
Tan--
- He's moving.
His body is still intact!
The severed part
is closing up!
I can't see straight.
No-- No way!
Slashing his neck
didn't kill him!
Is there some kind
of condition.
like with Gyutaro and Daki?
That can't be it.
His head disintegrated.
yet he hasn't given up!
Its like
he's trying to evolve!
- If we don't do something.
his head will stop being
his weak point. like Muzan!
This battle isn't over yet.
I have to...
fight.
- Tanjiro!
He's fainted.
Of course he has!
He's long since
passed his limit.
Water Breathing...
Fourth Form...
Striking Tide!
Ridiculous!
He lost his head
and can still
regenerate that quickly?!
I can't hear
out of my left ear.
and my right hand
has gone numb.
I can still grip my sword.
but who knows for how long?
Wait!
I-I'm here.
I'm still alive!
If you want to kill Tanjiro.
you'll have
to defeat me first!
An indomitable spirit.
It will never bend.
no matter what crisis
it finds itself in.
We don't fight
the way samurai do.
We don't carry weapons.
Though we carry
our convictions like swords.
- Though we carry
our battles
are waged with our fists.
- You are such an eyesore.
Please stop.
Who is that?
- Mr. Hakuji...
please. that's enough.
- Let go.
Let go of my hand.
Just who are you?
- Stop.
You don't have to keep going.
Let's leave
this place together
- I can't.
I've still got unfinished
business with those two.
- What do you mean by that?
- I've got
to become stronger.
I've got to.
I'll kill anyone
who gets in my way.
- Why do you want that?
For what reason do you
need to become stronger?
- Because...
unless I'm strong enough.
I won't be able to bring
any more back home to him.
He needs medicine.
I must become stronger.
If I don't.
I won't be able to get away
with the money I stole.
If I happen to be caught.
I won't be able
to defend myself.
If I'm not strong enough.
the magistrate
will catch me
and have me
beaten and lashed.
- We've already given you
three tattoos on each arm
for stealing.
Next time.
we'll chop off your hand.
- Bow your head and repent!
- If you're gonna chop it off.
then do it!
Go ahead and take both of 'em
if you're really serious.
I'll just
use my feet to steal!
You're not gonna
catch me again.
so make it count!
- To hear this from someone
at such a young age.
This boy of 11 has
already taken on punishments
that would make
a grown man faint.
You are a demon child!
- Go and call me
whatever names you want!
"Demon child"
suits me just damn fine!
They say I already
had teeth when I was born.
so I guess I am!
- Be quiet!
- Dirty little punk!
- Don't you mean
"Demon Child." you bastard?!
Hmph.
- Hakuji!
Ah! There you are!
When you were caught
for stealing again.
word about it made
its way back to your father.
He hung himself. Hakuji!
- Huh?
Dear Hakuji.
Live an honest life.
You can still start over.
What kind
of world is this?
Are the poor
not even allowed to live?
Dad.
To hell with
this rotten world.
to all of it!
Every rotten human.
they can all burn in hell!
Why do scumbags like them
get the privilege of living
when my father had to die
in such a horrible way?
He was never a burden to me.
so why would he
feel that way?
You didn't
do anything wrong. Dad!
You didn't!
I never cared
about getting beaten
after I was caught stealing.
Even if they beat me
until every bone
in my body was broken.
I could take it all for you.
Dad! For centuries. even!
- Learn your lesson!
Live an honest life!
Why don't you shut
the hell up. you scumbag?
Medicine's expensive.
The hell do you expect me
to do about that?
My Dad's only getting thinner
and thinner by the day.
He's so malnourished.
you can see his bones.
I just want him to have
something better to eat.
I would have
happily given my life...
if it meant saving his.
I'd have done anything...
for my father!
Huh?
- Well. well.
I am quite impressed.
I was called over
because someone said
that a child
was about to be killed.
but you've laid out seven
grownups with your bare fists.
You've got some talent.
don't ya?
Not just anyone can take on
that many guys and still win.
That's the kind of spunk
I like to see.
- What's going on here?
Who is this man?
Could these be my memories?
- How 'bout you join my dojo?
I don't have any students
at the moment.
- Stay out of my way.
you old fart!
You lookin' to die?!
Those tattoos...
- you're a criminal from Edo.
I'm guessing.
after being thrown out.
you eventually
found your way here.
I never asked
for your opinion.
Now shut up and
get the hell out of my way!
- Hmph!
All right. Time to be reborn!
You ready?
- That's it.
Drop dead. old man!
- I'll give it to ya.
You're tough!
After that beating
I gave you.
you came to
in less than an hour.
The name's Keizo.
I teach the Soryu Style
of fighting.
which uses
only your bare hands.
Like I said. I don't have
any other students.
so I get by by doing whatever
odd jobs I can for people.
I have a daughter
who's in rather poor health.
I'd like you
to help look after her.
I'd be here if I could.
but I have to work.
My wife was pushed
to the edge of exhaustion
and drowned herself.
Life sure takes a bite
out of you. doesn't it?
- If I were
a more capable man.
my wife and daughter wouldn't
have suffered like this.
- You said
you knew I was a criminal.
Are you really all right
leaving your daughter
around me?
- Why wouldn't I be?
I pummeled the criminal
out of you earlier. didn't I?
It's fine.
They are alike.
I get it now.
The reason
you disgusted me earlier.
it was because
you went and dredged up
memories of
my worthless past.
- This is my daughter. Koyuki.
- My worthless past.
Worthless.
Hakuji...
I'm so sorry.
How are you feeling?
- You okay being up?
- Mm.
- Looks like you've got
more color in your cheeks
this morning.
That's good.
Huh?
- Oh. yeah! This boy.
His name is...
Well. I've
asked him countless times.
and he won't say.
Go on! Get inside.
- Have a seat.
- I'll wanna know his name
when I get back. okay?
Mm.
Hmm?
U-Um...
Your-- Your face.
You're hurt.
Are you all right?
"I'll make you better."
"I'll save you.
protect you."
In that past life. all I did
was spew a bunch of lies.
I was so pathetic.
Oh. thank you.
- You don't have to thank me
every time. you know.
Just focus on resting.
- I'm sorry...
for causing you trouble
like this.
- It's fine. really.
Koyuki. want this closed?
You can leave it open.
Koyuki was
very delicate and frail.
I would change out
her towels and nightgown
and give her water.
even throughout the night.
And whenever she needed
to use the lavatory.
obviously she was too weak
to be able to go
without needing assistance.
I was used to taking care of
the sick because of my dad.
and since I had an almost
inhuman physical endurance.
it really wasn't
a big deal for me.
Sorry to make you
help me all day.
- Why do people who are
suffering from illness
always feel the need
to say they're sorry?
"Sorry to make you
do things for me."
"Sorry if my coughing's
bothering you."
"Sorry I can't put food
on the table like I should."
They didn't choose
to have to live this way.
'Course they
wanna breathe normally.
They can't help it
if they start coughing.
Out of everyone. they're
the ones suffering the most.
- Sorry again
to make you do this.
Because of my sickness
you're not able
to do your training
or even go out and have fun.
- I don't care
about having fun.
I never have.
Far as training goes.
I squeeze it in
whenever I can. so it's fine.
- You sure?
Even you need to take
a little break.
I hear there are fireworks
happening tonight.
You should go see them.
- Fireworks. huh?
If you don't feel
nauseous at night.
I could carry you on my back
and go see them on the bridge.
- Huh?
- If you're
not feeling up to it.
they'll do fireworks again
next year and after that.
so we can just go
when you're better.
- There was one thing
that was hard
about taking care of her.
and that was whenever
she would suddenly
break out into tears
in the middle
of our conversations.
I can imagine how she felt.
bedridden and sick
as she was...
but it still
made me uncomfortable.
Ah. now I understand.
The symbol used for "Hakuji."
it's the same as "komainu."
Hmph. That makes sense.
You and I really are
the same after all.
We only thrive when we
have something to protect.
Just like the komainu
who protect the entrance
to the shrines.
- There was a story as to how
my Master owned this land.
even though
he wasn't a samurai
or anything like that.
He had rescued an elderly man
from a group of bandits.
The old man.
who had no living heirs.
was so impressed
by his Soryu technique
that he left him
not only his land
but the dojo
that lay upon it.
However. there were
those with envious eyes
who wished to have the land
and dojo all to themselves.
The kenjutsu dojo next door
started harassing
the Soryu Dojo.
Because of that.
the Soryu Dojo
had a hard time
keeping any students.
But now.
thanks to my training here
and caring for Koyuki.
my heart has
finally found salvation.
Three short years went by.
and I turned 18.
Koyuki was 16.
She was almost
never bedridden anymore
and was now able
to live a normal life.
- Hakuji! Come here.
- Yes. sir.
- This dojo...
would you be willing to
take it over for me. Hakuji?
Koyuki's told me that she's
quite fond of you as well.
- Huh?
- As someone branded with
the tattoos of a criminal.
picturing any kind of future
for myself was hard enough.
But a future in which someone
could like a person like me?
I couldn't have
even dreamed it.
My dad asked me
to lead an honest life.
something I never
thought was possible.
But perhaps it really is.
The faint hope
of being able to start over
began to swell within me
until it felt like it
was about to burst.
But I could never have
predicted in that moment
that the two people
I wanted to protect
more than anything else
in this life...
would end up
meeting the fate they did.
I had made a trip to Edo
to visit my dad's grave.
I wanted to let him know
that I was getting married.
I returned before even a full
day and night had passed...
yet a sense of dread
came over me.
My chest started
to feel tight.
and a terrible feeling
of nausea overtook me.
Someone put poison
in the well!
The other school was so angry
they couldn't beat you
or Mr. Keizo.
they went and did this
out of spite!
It's atrocious. unthinkable!
They even killed Koyuki!
- Why? Why is it
whenever the ones I care
about are in mortal peril.
I'm never there for them?
I had even gone
and made a promise to her.
Are you sure
that I'm the one for you?
- When we were children.
do you remember
when you talked to me
about seeing the fireworks?
- Huh?
Uh. no. not really.
- Because of those
little talks we used to have.
there were a lot of things
which I took with me
that gave me hope
for the future.
You said even if we couldn't
see the fireworks that year.
we could go to the one
happening next year
or the year after that.
The truth is. I could
never imagine a future
where I'd still
be alive a year later
and certainly
not any longer than that.
My mother couldn't. either.
I think that's why she
ended up taking her own life.
'cause she didn't
want to see me die.
Not just her.
I could tell my father
had given up hope. too.
deep down inside.
Because I was just so weak.
But you never
treated me that way.
You were able to see
a future for me.
You'd talk to me
about doing things.
as if-- as if it were obvious
that I'd still be here.
That made me so very happy.
So. yes. I am sure
you're the one for me.
Would you...
Would you be my husband?
- Yes.
I promise to become
stronger than anyone
and protect you
for the rest of my life.
- In the end....
I was all talk.
I wasn't able to fulfill
any of my promises.
- What do you want?
You've got some nerve!
- Wait.
You're from the Soryu Sty--
- The family of the Soryu Dojo
were recently poisoned.
and we believe
that a student of theirs
retaliated against
the kenjutsu dojo.
Sixty-seven people
were murdered inside!
He shattered their skulls
and crushed their organs.
all barehanded.
Not only were
most of the bodies
mangled and mutilated
beyond recognition.
most had limbs missing
that we couldn't even locate.
Organs. limbs. brain matter.
even jaws and eyeballs
were found
strewn across the walls and
the ceiling of the premises.
This killer
was no ordinary human!
- I heard there was
some commotion
about a demon sighting here.
even though I know
I never sent one.
So I decided
to come see for myself.
Yet all I find is a human.
How utterly disappointing.
- Move...
or I'll kill--
- It just so happens.
I was contemplating
creating 12 powerful demons.
I wonder if you'll be
able to withstand
the amount of blood
I'm about to give you.
- You...
do...
whatever you want.
None of it... matters.
After becoming a demon.
I lost my memories
and once again
started to seek out power.
It's not enough!
It will never be enough!
Even though I had
nothing left to my name.
even though I had nothing
worth fighting for anymore...
even though my family
was no longer around.
and I had no desire to live
in a world without them...
for over a century.
I committed
senseless massacres
over and over again.
Thinking about it now.
it's pathetic.
it's absurd.
All those deaths
were meaningless.
Even if I died now.
I couldn't go where the other
three were waiting for me.
Damn you for dredging up
these memories.
You bastard!
Pathetic humans.
Clinging on to life
with their fragile bodies.
Even their strongest
eventually die
and vanish into thin air.
He's still not dead?!
You can't be serious.
I have to kill him
before it's too late.
If we let him regenerate.
there'll be no stopping him!
I must have passed out.
What's going on?
His head's back!
But how is that
even possible?!
I decapitated him!
- Destructive Death:
Annihilation Type.
- Stop it!
- Seriously?
He can still move?
- Mr. Giyu and I
are going to win!
Akaza. I'll behead you
as many times as it takes!
My sword...
- It slipped
out of his hands.
- I lost my grip.
- All right. young man.
time to be reborn.
- I despise those
who are weak.
Weaklings. instead of
fighting you fair and square.
they always resort
to cheap tricks.
They're atrocious.
They have no patience.
and they quickly
grow desperate.
Just thinking about them
makes me sick.
I killed people with
my "fists of protection."
I desecrated my master's
beloved Soryu with blood.
and I couldn't follow
my father's last wishes.
That's right.
The one I wanted to kill...
- This couldn't be worse!
I dropped my sword!
My fists
aren't enough to stop him!
He's about to unleash
the Annihilation Type move
he used on Mr. Rengoku!
I've got to take
Mr. Giyu with me
out of the attack range!
Leave me!
Save yourself!
I've got to kill...
that weakling...
I've come to hate!
He just attacked himself.
Why would he
turn on himself like that?
Why?
For a second.
I could pick up the scent
of gratitude from him.
Why did he smile at me?
That's enough.
Stop it!
I don't want to regenerate!
Don't you get it?
The battle is over!
In that decisive moment.
I lost.
That technique
he beheaded me with
was nothing short
of perfection.
He anticipated my movements
and pivoted
at the last second.
then struck me down before
I could unleash my attack.
It's over now.
Let me accept my fate
and go to hell.
- Where is he trying to go?
Huh? He stopped
in his tracks.
- Dad...
...are you feeling better now?
Are you in pain anymore?
- No need to worry. son.
I'm fine.
Thank you. Hakuji.
- I'm sorry. Father.
I'm sorry.
I couldn't start over
like you wanted.
I failed you.
- Do not despair.
Regardless of who
you grow to up be.
you're still my son
and still my student.
Heaven may not accept you.
But you needn't worry.
Our hearts will be with you.
- Master.
- Didn't you say
you were seeking to become
stronger than anyone?
Don't tell me you intend to
let it end like this. Akaza.
- That's right.
I can't die here.
I have to get stronger!
So what if I got beheaded?
Who cares if I win
or lose the fight?
If I kill those
who stand in my way.
then there's still hope
for me to get stronger!
I made a promise.
I'm not about to break it!
Mr. Hakuji...
thank you so much.
You've done more than enough.
It's okay.
We're all right now.
- Akaza!
- Sorry!
I'm sorry
I couldn't protect you!
I wasn't there
when you needed me to be!
I couldn't keep
a single promise I made!
I'm sorry. Please try
to forgive me. Koyuki!
I'm so sorry!
I'm so happy
you remembered us.
I can't tell you
how happy that makes me.
And to see you now
as the man that I once knew.
I'm so grateful.
- Welcome home. Hakuji.
Hey. Hakuji...
welcome home.
- I'm back now.
I'm finally back home.
- Welcome back home.
my darling.
He vanished.
It's over...
right?
Gotta hurry..
and get to...
where Ms. Tamayo is.
And then...
- Tanjiro...
Tanjiro. Giyu
have defeated Upper Three!
They're unable to stay
conscious due to exhaustion!
They've passed out!
Tanjiro. Giyu...
have defeated Upper Three!
Upper Three!
- Akaza...
his presence has vanished.
What a baffling conclusion.
Akaza...
what happened to your
burning ambition to defeat me?
To think you'd abandoned
everything you stood for...
and turned your back
on the path to greatness.
Your weakness appalls me.
- Huh?
This feeling...
Could Lord Akaza be dead?
Very strange.
Surely my imagination
must be running wild. right?
It almost felt like Lord Akaza
had turned into some creature.
But now that he's dead.
I guess it doesn't matter!
Let's see. Where was I?
Oh. I remember!
I'd just asked
for your name. hadn't I?
- Tanjiro. Giyu
have defeated Upper Three!
Upper Three!
- Did you hear that?
- Yes.
Excellent work. Tomioka.
Excellent work. Kamado.
- Mr. Tomioka and Tanjiro.
they did it!
- Now its our turn
to follow their lead.
- Right!
Hang in there.
Agatsuma!
- Start flapping
those wings faster.
or I'm gonna
keep poking!
You're gonna
use those wings
to show me where
the strongest demon is!
You hear me?!
I'm comin' through!
Hyah!
Now we're talkin'!
I'm sensing a powerful
demon over here!
- Where is
Big Brother?
- Where are all
the Upper Ranks?!
Tell me!
Come on!
I'm gonna
bury you all!
The passageway
leading north
on the 88th level
is clear.
No sign of Muzan.
The 127th levels
in the southeast
are clear.
No sign of Muzan.
- He's in here.
He has to be.
But where is he?
There's
no sign of Muzan
on any
of the levels
from 90 to 100.
either.
- Covering the entire
100th and 33rd levels.
No sign of Muzan.
- Our crows
will find you.
You can only hide
from us for so long.
We'll search every inch
of this infinity castle.
Even if you try
to run from us.
we will
hunt you down.
- Multilayered structures
are headed northeast.
- Attention. the
castle's expanding
in every direction!
Folding over
themselves...
And becoming one.
You can't
be serious.
No...
it's fine.
We've come
too far to lose!
Crows.
push forward...
and find Muzan!
Try all you
want. Demon Slayers.
but each one of you
will meet your end
before ever
reaching me.
You may be
feeling smug
after beheading one
of my Upper Ranks.
but unless
you can kill me.
your triumph
is meaningless!
You're all going to die
the most pointless deaths.
all the while
never seeing my face.
I can't think
of a more fitting end
for the Demon Slayer Corps.
Mark my words.
When I'm done here.
I'm going to make you regret
the day you were born!
Just wait.
You're each going to squirm
and writhe in pain.
Draw your final breaths.
because for every one
of you Demon Slayers.
there is no tomorrow!
- Please. Giyu...
don't die.
We can't have you
dying on us. Tanjiro.